Standardizes readme, adds build and contrib docs. (#223)
shinzonetwork/shinzo-host-client: README.md

<!--
  This README covers local setup, Docker, and deployment only.
  Do not add: architecture explanations, API reference, configuration 
  deep-dives, or troubleshooting guides. Those belong in the Shinzo 
  documentation site. If you're tempted to add a section, link to the docs 
  instead.
-->

# shinzo-host-client

![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/shinzonetwork/shinzo-host-client/go-test.yml)
![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/shinzonetwork/shinzo-host-client)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/docker/v/shinzonetwork/shinzo-host-client)

A Host node for the Shinzo network. It pulls primitive blockchain data from Indexers, runs Lens WASM transforms, and serves the resulting Views to subscriber nodes via an embedded DefraDB instance.

> ## Getting started

Reviewer: add link to hardware recommendation, similar to indexer PR

Author: [Done](https://github.com/shinzonetwork/shinzo-host-client/pull/223/changes#diff-b335630551682c19a781afebcf4d07bf978fb1f8ac04c6bf87428ed5106870f5R31)

Make sure `~/config.yaml` exists on the host machine, then:

```shell
docker compose up
```

Set your keyring secret before starting:

```shell
export DEFRA_KEYRING_SECRET=<your-secret>
```

> [!TIP]
> See [BUILD.md](./BUILD.md) for full build-from-source instructions.

## Configuration

The app reads from `config/config.yaml`. The only field you must set is `defradb.keyring_secret` (or the `DEFRA_KEYRING_SECRET` environment variable). Everything else has working defaults.

> See the [Shinzo documentation site](https://docs.shinzo.network) for the full configuration reference.

Reviewer: Suggest linking directly to the [Host documentation](https://docs.shinzo.network/hosts/overview) rather than the main docs homepage, so users can jump straight into setup instructions.

Author: ```suggestion
See [docs.shinzo.network](https://docs.shinzo.network/hosts/overview) for the full configuration reference.
```
